Putting some thought into it- There were several things that i had thoughts upon. First of all, the comment about critics. I think this is most relevant in my own creative writing - I do a lot of writing in an environment where things like character work are made through improv, and not knowing things off the top of your head or not doing them correctly can be frowned upon. I think there is still merit to good feedback - Like Randy's coach gave - and bad criticism, when you're just told to shut up and go away. Another comment that stuck in my head was that "Brick walls are a test of how badly you want something". When I see brick walls in my life, I've always considered them as dead ends. But I've never really analyzed the brick wall like Andy has, to see what the actual strength and quality of the wall is. And how, if its worth the effort, you can probe the wall and get around it. Its a lot of interesting things to consider.

Your Scores:
Auditory: 20%
Tactile: 40%
Visual: 40%
You are a Tactile and Visual learner! Check out the information below, or view all of the learning styles.

I think I've never really had a fixed mindset, more so kind of in the opposite direction. I actually responded to Noah's struggle pretty heavily. There are some pretty funny exceptions though. First being, Guilty Gear: Strive, a fighting game. I started the game with another friend, and we both learned as we went, and didn't really play online. And, failing was fun, because I still got somewhere. And I just stuck with it, and kept practicing, and now I'm finally good at a character. Another thing being Rain World Modding - See, Rain World has a level editor that allows you to create custom levels - and on and off for years, I had always *always* wanted to make my own levels and regions for the game, but they never really... Looked good? So, over time I'd try, not see immediate results, and give up. But over the course of a year, I gave it like, 30 individual honest attempts to create something and work on it. Which ended up being, 30 times tens of hours sunk in - I had split up practice into day long rushes to get something to work, and something just eventually... worked! Words can't describe how amazing it was to see that one day it all just clicked, and that I had made something that looked good.
